Update main README overview (#72)
openstack-k8s-operators/architecture: README.md

# OpenStack K8S Operators Architectures

> This repository contains templates used are part of the validated architecture

Reviewer: "used as part of the"  instead of "used are part of"

> This repository contains templates used are part of the validated architecture

Author: ```suggestion
This repository contains templates used as a part of the validated architecture
```

Author: @fultonj so this is how I normally handle suggestions in case you're using the UI. I'm not sure how picky we are about flat commit logs. In STF we prefer verbosity and history over commit cleanliness, but that might not be the expectation here. My default is using the suggestion method (which provides an extra commit) and then squashing commits at the end, if there isn't already a strong preference.
